Setup Documentations (#13)
apache/skywalking-go: docs/en/development-and-contribution/development-guide.md

# Plugin Development Guide

This documentation introduces how developers can create a plugin.

All plugins must follow these steps:

1. **Create a new plugin module**: Create a new project in the specified directory and import the plugin API module.
2. **Define the enhancement object**: Define the description for the plugin.
3. **Invoke the plugin API**: Call the API provided by the core to complete the core invocation.
4. **Import the plugin module**: Import the plugin into the management module for users to use.

## Create a new plugin module

The plugin must create a new module, which is currently stored in the project's [plugins directory](../../../plugins).

Plugins can import the following two modules:

1. **Agent core**: This module provides all the dependencies needed for the plugin, including the plugin API, enhancement declaration objects, etc.
Agent core plugin should be `github.com/apache/skywalking-go/plugins/core` and replaced by the relative location.
2. **Framework to be enhanced**: Import the framework you wish to enhance.

> Note: Plugins should not import and use other unrelated modules, as this may cause compilation issues for users. If certain tools are needed, they should be provided by the agent core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Plugins should **NOT** import and use any other modules, as this may cause compilation issues for users. If certain tools are needed, they should be provided by the agent core.
```

1. **Name**: The name of the plugin. Please keep this name consistent with the newly created project name. The reason will be explained later.
2. **Base Package**: Declare which package this plugin intercepts. For example, if you want to intercept gin, you can write: "github.com/gin-gonic/gin".
3. **Version Checker**: This method passes the version number to the enhancement object to verify whether the specified version of the framework is supported. If not, the enhancement program will not be executed.
4. **Points**: A plugin can define one or more enhancement points. This will be explained in more detail in the following sections.
5. **File System**: Use `//go:embed *` in the current file to import all files in this module, which will be used for file copying during the mixed compilation process.

Note: Please declare `//skywalking:nocopy` at any position in this file to indicate that the file would not be copied. This file is only used for guidance during hybrid compilation. 
Also, this file involves the use of the `embed` package, and if the target framework does not import the package `embed`, a compilation error may occur.

### Instrument Point

> Instrument points are used to enhance methods and struct in the current package. They mainly include the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrument points are used to declare that which methods and structs in the current package should be instrumented. They mainly include the following information:
```

Therefore, please try not to define intercepted objects in the interceptor, and instead use `Invocation.Context` to pass data.

##### Package Path

If the method you want to intercept is not located in the root directory of the framework, 
place your interceptor code in the relative location within the plugin. **The Agent would only copy files from the same package directory**.

For example, if you want to intercept a method in `github.com/gin-gonic/gin/render`, create a **render** directory in the root of your plugin, and **put the interceptor inside it**. 
This ensures that the interceptor is properly included during the copy operation and can be correctly applied to the target package.

## Agent API

The Agent API is used when a method is intercepted and interacts with the Agent Core.

### Tracing API

The Tracing API is used for building distributed tracing, and currently supports the following methods:

```go
// CreateEntrySpan creates a new entry span.
// operationName is the name of the span.
// extractor is the extractor to extract the context from the carrier.
// opts is the options to create the span.

> func CreateEntrySpan(operationName string, extractor Extractor, opts ...SpanOption)

Reviewer: I think all these comments are not available in the source codes, please copy to there too.
